Resolves #656: SizeStatisticsCollectorCursorContinuation should not access continuation of exhausted underlying cursor (#657)
FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer: docs/ReleaseNotes.md

// begin next release
### NEXT_RELEASE

> * **Bug fix** The `SizeStatisticsCursorContinuation` must not access the continuation of its underlying cursor after it is exhausted [(Issue #656)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/pull/657)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Bug fix** The `SizeStatisticsCursorContinuation` must not access the continuation of its underlying cursor after it is exhausted [(Issue #656)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/656)
```

Hm, I'm not opposed necessarily to including PR information. I think we've generally included issue information (with the idea being that that should generally then also reference its fixing PR, though I've also seen that linking not work all that well, which is why I tend to mention that a PR fixes #656, etc.).

* **Bug fix** Union fields for record types are now assigned based on field number rather than declaration order [(Issue #620)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/620)
* **Feature** The `MetaDataEvolutionValidator` now permits record types to be renamed as long as all occurences of the record type in the meta-data definition are also renamed [(Issue #508)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/508)

> * **Bug fix** The `SizeStatisticsCursorContinuation`must not access the continuation of its underlying cursor after it is exhausted [(Issue #656)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/pull/657)

Reviewer: This should be up above in the commented out section. Something like line 19 or so.

Reviewer: Also, a space is needed before "must"
